Add more settings (#88)
harvester/docs: docs/settings/settings.md

}
```

## `cluster-registration-url`

> This setting allows you to import the Harvester cluster to Rancher for multi-cluster management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to import the Harvester cluster to Rancher unified multi-cluster app management.
```

Reviewer: rephrased based on the page https://rancher.com/why-rancher (Rancher unified multi-cluser app management)

Author: This is for managing multiple Harvester clusters using Rancher(https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v0.3/rancher/virtualization-management/#virtualization-management). App management is not the focus in Harvester use case.
